Add application usage notes on hold/tap preferred flavors in hold-tap docs (#540)
zmkfirmware/zmk: docs/docs/behaviors/hold-tap.md

![Simple behavior](../assets/hold-tap/case1_2.png)

> By default, the hold-tap (and mod-tap, but NOT layer-tap) are configured to also select the 'hold' functionality if another key is tapped while it's active:

Reviewer: This should probably read "hold-tap and mod-tap (but not layer-tap) for better clarity

Author: > Throughout there is a use of single quotes instead of back ticks for highlighting

Happy to make this change, but I just want to confirm first that the convention is that back ticks are used for all highlighting, whether it is code-based or not. It looked to me that back ticks were for highlighting code/parameter names, whereas single quotes were used for highlighting of non-code key terms.

> This should probably read "hold-tap and mod-tap (but not layer-tap) for better clarity

My intent was to differentiate between hold-tap (which this doc is for) and mod+layer-tap through the use of the parenthesis separation. But I understand your point as well. Does your preference change at all after explaining my reasoning for the current parenthesis placement?

Reviewer: > Happy to make this change, but I just want to confirm first that the convention is that back ticks are used for all highlighting, whether it is code-based or not. It looked to me that back ticks were for highlighting code/parameter names, whereas single quotes were used for highlighting of non-code key terms.

As long as it's consistent with the rest of the docs I am fine with whatever approach matches.

> My intent was to differentiate between hold-tap (which this doc is for) and mod+layer-tap through the use of the parenthesis separation. But I understand your point as well. Does your preference change at all after explaining my reasoning for the current parenthesis placement?

From a readability perspective I think trimming down the text in the parenthetical still makes sense, even if it's a little extra information as part of the main paragraph.

Reviewer 2: Quite honestly there's already some inconsistency in the documentation around this.  Until someone aligns all the pages I think what you've done is fine.

![Hold-tap comparison](../assets/hold-tap/comparison.png)

> The 'hold-preferred' flavor tends to work well in combination with the shift, ctrl, caps lock, escape, tab and similar keys because they do not typically occur in the middle words or other rapid typing sequences in which the user may (unknowningly) execute a rolling keystrike, where they press the next key before the fully releasing the prior (hold/mod/layer-tap) key. Futhermore, because the decision to emit the hold behavior is made upon the second key being pressed, the 'hold-preferred' flavor most closely mimics the behavior of the shift key on a normal keyboard, and therefore tends to feel quite natural to users. However, because it biases towards the hold behavior in rolling keystrike situations, this flavor tends not to work well in combination with the alphas or for the spacebar, except for the small percentage of users that have very strict key-up habits.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The 'hold-preferred' flavor tends to work well in combination with the shift, control, caps lock, escape, tab and similar keys because they do not typically occur in the middle words or other rapid typing sequences in which the user may (unknowingly) execute a rolling keystroke, where they press the next key before fully releasing the prior (hold/mod/layer-tap) key. Futhermore, because the decision to emit the hold behavior is made upon the second key being pressed, the 'hold-preferred' flavor most closely mimics the behavior of the shift key on a normal keyboard, and therefore tends to feel quite natural to users. However, because it biases towards the hold behavior in rolling keystroke situations, this flavor tends not to work well in combination with the alphas or the spacebar, except for the small percentage of users that have very strict key-up habits.
```
keystrike?

`alphas`?  As in alphanumeric keys`?

Author: I'll adopt keystroke

I'll replace "alphas" with "alphabetical characters." I wanted to avoid the term alphanumeric because IMO, the number keys are likely better (though still not ideally) suited for hold-preferred behaviors than the alphabetical characters, due to being slightly less frequent, and users being generally slightly less proficient/fast/shortcut-prone with them.

Reviewer 2: Ah ok!  Or just ... letter keys?

Author: hah! yes, you're right, that's much clearer. Words... they hard sometimes

> The 'tap-preferred' and 'balanced' flavors tend to work better in combination with the alphas or spacebar because they will emit the tap behavior if the key is involved in a rolling keystrike, as long as it happens quickly. This can work well with home-row modifiers.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The 'tap-preferred' and 'balanced' flavors tend to work better in combination with the alphas or spacebar because they will emit the tap behavior if the key is involved in a rolling keystroke, as long as it happens quickly. This can work well with home-row modifiers.
```
See above.
